[Feature] Catalyst support (#2065)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 3.2.1 (Under development)

> Version 3.2.1 of the App Center SDK adds the support for Catalyst to App Center Analytics and App Center Crashes. This version has a breaking change, it only supports Xcode 11.0.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add support for Mac Catalyst to App Center Analytics and App Center Crashes. Also, this version has a breaking change - it drops Xcode 10 support, Xcode 11 is a minimal supported version now.
```

## Version 3.2.1 (Under development)

### App Center

* **[Feature]** Add support for Mac Catalyst.

> * **[Breaking change]** Dropped Xcode 10 support. Xcode 11 is a minimal supported version now.

Author: Should we move it higher?

Reviewer 2: Shouldn't we use imperative verb here as we do in other lines in the changelog?

## Version 3.2.1 (Under development)

Add support for Mac Catalyst to App Center Analytics and App Center Crashes. Also, this version has a breaking change - it drops Xcode 10 support, Xcode 11 is a minimal supported version now.

### App Center

* **[Feature]** Add support for Mac Catalyst.
* **[Fix]** Fix `Undefined symbol: ___llvm_profile_runtime` when the SDK was built from source by Carthage.

> * **[Fix]** Fix screen resolution detection macOS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix screen resolution detection on macOS.
```

Reviewer 3: And yeah, that mistake was made by me 🤦

### App Center Analytics

> * **[Feature]** Add support for Mac Catalyst.

Reviewer 3: Not sure we need those duplicates
